# 29

...And what was so goddamn great about being twenty-three?  
Rage wracked and sad, left alone in a great big home  
Endlessly reading useless novels, smoking cheap rollies.

Second childhood: couldn’t tell you if it was better than the first.  
And I couldn’t tell you what I was up to when I was twenty.  
Probably nothing. That was my modus operandi back then.

Twenty-eight was the year of the sell-out,  
When I became a corporate shill and liked it.  
But even as a punk, I just wanted a desk job.

Twenty-four must have been the wildest year  
Late nights, naked and drunk and delirious  
I was equally happy and devastated.

Woke up drunk on my twenty-first birthday  
And in due time numbed the adventurous   
Quality of late-night, beer-soaked bar tops.

Hell, for the first half of this decade I wanted to die,  
But I didn’t know depression until I was twenty-six,  
When I learned of the crushing exclusion of sex.

At twenty-two I began my career as a factotum  
Ward of the state and spiraled out of emotional control  
Oppressed by a megalomaniacal relationship   
(I wasn’t even in\!)

Contentment, complacency, compartmentalization  
Convenient alliteration for twenty-five where I settled   
Into a very agreeable routine and raged nightly.

Twenty-seven brought with it the greatest adventure,  
A surprising amount of emotional fulfilment and   
A seemingly endless supply of stories.  
(So, it wasn’t that bad, really.)

What does my twenty-ninth year bring?   
Will it be one of the depressive years?  
Will it be one of the creative ones?  
Will I travel the world or  
Mope around in bars?  
Whatever it may mean to me when I am thirty-nine,  
I’m glad this decade is nearly over.  
Good riddance to bad rubbish   
And bring on the newest adventure.  
Because if I learned nothing else from being   
A useless twenty-something,  
It’s how to have an adventure.

Listen\!   
In the dying desert of the Las Vegas Valley  
Lay a lackluster poet whose weary wish  
Rests in redemption…
